@setfilename funky.info
@settitle W. L. Estes



@chapter W. L. Estes


@uref{guitar/index.html,Classical Guitar}
@uref{projects/software/index.html,Software}
@uref{projects/writings/index.html,Writings}
@uref{projects/index.html,Miscellaneous Projects}
@uref{sara-smiles.html,sara-smiles}
@uref{images/index.html,Graphics Corner}
@uref{tutor.html,Tutoring Services}
@uref{linkfarm.html,Link Farm}
@uref{comments.html,Comments}
@uref{projects/writings/admin.html,Site Administration}
@uref{whatsnew.html,What's new}



Welcome to my little bit of the world. The above menu will get you
to everything officially sanctioned. But if you want some more
explanatory guidance...

In my spare time I sometimes write
@uref{projects/software/index.html,software}. In other bits of my
spare time, I @uref{projects/writings/index.html,write} the
occasional thought, story or essay. For a while, I collected
@uref{guitar/index.html,reviews} of classical guitar sheet
music. And then sometimes I do mildly random things like the
@uref{sara-smiles.html,sara-smiles} page. Still being a novice at
all of this, I'm keeping a record of what, how and why I do to
@uref{projects/admin.html, this site. For the graphically inclined,
I have a few @uref{images/index.html,pictures}. There is a big
list of @uref{linkfarm.html,other sites} I want to keep track
of as well. Here is also a list of @uref{.files.html,everything}
I'm willing to admit responsibility for. But if you want a more
organized index, have a look at the @uref{sitemap.html,site map}.


